Improve blockchain basics (#61)
vechain/vechain-docs: blockchain-basics/README.md

    visible: false
---

# Blockchain Basics: Unraveling the Digital Revolution

> Welcome to the frontier of digital innovation. This concise guide illuminates the transformative world of blockchain technology, a cornerstone of the emerging Web3 era. We'll journey through the core concepts, key features, and groundbreaking applications of this distributed ledger system that's reshaping our digital landscape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blockchain is an immense subject, depending on the level of detail, explaining could require from few seconds up to months. 
With a short introduction, we would like to scratch the surface of the transformative world of blockchain technology and mention why we speak of Web3. 
Even if groundbreaking applications are a reality, and distributed ledger system are reshaping our digital landscape, we want to enroll you to become a pioneer of what still remains uncovered, hoping that you will choose VeChain as your home.
```
